hey guys this video is a multivitamin
review do you really need to take more
time you build up more top bottom the
bail must how important is it to put on
rock solid muscle
motapod do you really need I mean do you
need it to get rippling just just get
ripped out Eman do you need a bottom and
you know what i'ma tell you like this
it's very rare that your body is
deficient in anybody okay especially if
you eatin you know good you know if your
whole grains you eating your lean
protein you're eating your fruits and
vegetables you know it's very rare that
you need a vitamin you know you don't
really need to take a motor we take
vitamins pill don't take no damn
vitamins I don't take vitamins I'll take
a protein shake
you know our experiment with some pre
workouts y'all know what type of
pre-workout um supplements I take is all
on the website y'all know what I take
out know what we all about when it comes
these sufferings and I used to take
vitamins yeah but you know what it's
just a waste of money I mean when you
take a multi vitamin a lot of times your
body doesn't absorb it I just say 99.9%
of times your body don't absorb because
vitamins are toxic it's your body when
you take vitamins your body doesn't
recognize it as a food sources they're
very toxic their process your body
doesn't even use that crap and nowadays
you see these supplement companies
they're taking these vitamins they put
in ten thousand milligrams of vitamin b6
five crane being our milligrams of
vitamin b12 you know why because your
body doesn't absorb it if you look at it
they say take two a day why cuz all your
body is going to do is is check it out
your body doesn't use this stuff if you
don't believe me if you really don't
believe what I'm telling you about
vitamins and how stupid they are go buy
you some animal pack bottoms and big-ass
horse pills that you might choke to
death when you take wait a couple hours
drinking some h2o smart Watson first
clean water so once you go to the
bathroom guess what's going to happen
that's right you guessed it you gonna
have by the cock
and you know what by the cocky is don't
you when you urinate you can smell all
them damn vitamins come out soaked up
and y'all know what I'm talking about
anybody took a bottom and when you go to
the bathroom all you smell is by the
cock and you know I'm well hydrated I
drink a lot of water I'm really big on
drinking water you know all my urine is
clear you know cuz I'm I'm well hydrated
but not when I take these damn bottoms I
got by the cotton for two hours go Tara
look down I'm expecting cities nice
clear clean
aquafina coming out my cock no I got
fighter cut all these damn vitamins come
on cocking all I smell is he's damn
vitamins yeah your body's just flushing
it out yeah their bottoms are very toxic
they'll waste of money your body doesn't
even absorb them yeah you know and we
don't we don't take vitamins we just um
I advise is this whatever you can get
out of your food
you don't need to buy something you know
what I mean if you can't get in your
food then you buy this or something like
creatine you have to eat like ten pounds
of steak just to get the crew team you
know yeah buy supplements that you can't
get in your diet yeah if you can get in
your diet you don't need to buy it yeah
just have a nutritious uh well-rounded
diet and you'll get all the body eat
your fruits and vegetables each lean
proteins is your whole grains you find
is like a sadist it's very rare that
your body's deficient in anybody yeah
very rare unless you live like in the
middle of nowhere in Africa or something
yeah so listen to what I'm saying man
don't buy no vitamins so you won't have
by the cock